MontaVista Software, Inc. License Agreement

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY:  This MontaVista Software, Inc. License
Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or a single entity) and MontaVista Software, Inc. for the
MontaVista Software, Inc. Software Product and Docum entation made
available under this Agreement.  The "Software Product" includes computer
software (binary and source, including script).  "Documentation" includes
associated media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic
documentation. 

The two initial paragraphs of this license, and all of numbered Sections 1
through 10 apply to the Software Product in its entirety.  In addition,
numbered Sections 13 through 15 apply to some portions or all of the
Software Product as described in Sectio ns 11 through 13. 

1.  Agreement to be Bound. 
The Software Product is licensed, not sold, to you.  By installing,
copying, or otherwise using the Software Product, you agree to be bound by
the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms of this
Agreement, do not install or use the Soft ware Product.  If applicable,
you may return it to your place of purchase for a full refund of any
separate fees paid for the Software Product.  MontaVista Software, Inc.
shall be referred to in this Agreement as "Licensor." 

2.  Third Party Software is not Covered by this Agreement.
Any third party software that is provided with the Software Product
includes such third party's license agreements (in either electronic or
printed form) (including the GNU General Public License ) for use at your
option.  If you choose to use such software, then such use shall be
governed by such third party license agreements and not by this Agreement. 

3.  Title; This License is in addition to Copyright Rights and Patent Rights.
The Software Product and Documentation are protected by copyright and
other intellectual property laws and international treaties, and may also
be protected by United States or other patent rights.  Title, ownership,
and intellectual property rights in the Software Product and Documentation
shall remain in Licensor.  You acknowledge such ownership and intellectual
property rights and will not take any action to jeopardize, limi t or
interfere in any manner with Licensor's ownership of or rights with
respect to the Software Product and Documentation.  Licensor retains all
right, title and interest in and to all, patent, trademark, trade secret
rights, inventions, copyrights, know -how and trade secrets relating to
Licensor's products and services.  You agree that you will not remove,
alter, cover or obfuscate any copyright notices or other proprietary
rights notices placed on or embedded in the Software Product.  This
license does not grant you any right to any enhancement or update to the
Software Product. 

4.  NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR IN AN APPLICABLE PRODUCT SUBSCRIPTION AND
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND LICENSOR, LICENSOR MAKES NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER
AND DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. 

5.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, DESPITE ANYTHING ELSE IN THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE, IN
NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY COST OF
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, TECHNOLOGY, SERVICES OR RIGHTS; OR (II)
FOR INTERRUPTION OF USE OR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; OR (III) FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUESTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LI MITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, TECHNOLOGY, SERVICES
OR RIGHTS OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN ANY CASE, LICENSOR'S ENTIRE
LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE
AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU SEPARATELY FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.  THESE
LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY DESPITE THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF
ANY LIMITED REMEDY. ANY ACTIONS BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT,
OR THE SERVICES RENDERED OR SOFTWARE SUPPLIED HEREUNDER, MUST BE BROUGHT
WITHIN ONE YEAR OF THE DATE OF TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

6.  High Risk Activities.  The Software Product is not designed,
manufactured or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in
hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the
operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, or direct life
support machines, in which the failure of the Software Product could lead
directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental
damage ("High Risk Activities").  Accordingly, Licensor and its suppliers
specifical ly disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for High
Risk Activities. 

7.  Export Control Matters.  The Software Product is regulated by the
Department of Commerce and Export Administration Regulations.  You agree
not to transfer, export or re-export, directly or indirectly, the Software
Product to any Prohibited Entity, and you affirm that you are not a
Prohibited Entity or acting on behalf of any Prohibited Entity.  A
Prohibited Entity includes any person or entity who is a government
end-user (as defined in part 772 of the U. S. Export Administration
Regulations), a milit ary end-user, or a resident of any country to which
the Export Administration Regulations prohibit exportation of encrypted
software (including Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, North Korea, Iran, Syria or
any other country to which the United States has embargoe d goods).  Our
obligations to provide the Software Product are subject in all respects to
such United States laws and regulations as shall from time to time govern
the license and delivery of technology and software abroad. 

8.  Documentation License.  All of the documentation provided to along
with the Software Product is copyright MontaVista Software, Inc., and is
licensed to you solely for your use during the term of this Agreement. 
Except for such use, you do not have th e right to copy or redistribute
the documentation. Licensor retains all rights in the documentation not
expressly granted to you. 

9.  Termination.  This Agreement and the license granted hereunder will
terminate automatically if you fail to comply with the conditions
described herein.  In addition, if you are no longer have a current
subscription with Licensor pursuant to a Product Subscription and Software
License Agreement (or successor agreement), all rights granted to you
under Section 12 shall terminate automatically.  Upon termination, you
must destroy all copies of the Software Product for which you no longer
have a valid lic ense, and all Documentation.  Your obligations to pay
accrued charges and fees shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

10.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement represents the complete agreement
concerning the licenses granted hereunder and may be amended only by a
writing executed by both parties.  THE ACCEPTANCE OF ANY PURCHASE ORDER
PLACED BY YOU IS EXPRESSLY MADE CONDITIONA L ON YOUR ASSENT TO THE TERMS
SET FORTH HEREIN, AND NOT ON THOSE IN YOUR PURCHASE ORDER.  If any
provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, such provision
shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. 
The sole venue for all disputes relating to this Agreement shall be Santa
Clara County, California. This Agreement shall be governed by California
law, excluding conflict of law provisions.  The application of the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the Internat ional Sale of Goods is
expressly excluded. 

11. License Grant ONLY for portions of the Software Product Designated as
"MontaVista Licensed Deployment Programs" ; No Redistribution of Source
Code.  Only for those portions (if any) of the Software Product Designated
as "MontaVista Licensed Deployment Programs", Licensor grants only to your
Developers covered by (and defined by) a MontaVista Software, Inc. Product
Subscription and Software License Agreement (or successor agreement) a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to install and use the
MontaVista Licensed Deployment Programs and to modify the source code of
such programs, and Licensor grants to you to a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to redistribute the object code (also known as
binaries, machine readable or execu table code), modified or unmodified,
subject to the limitations elsewhere in this Agreement.  You (including
your Developers) may not, and may not authorize any third party to:
distribute to, or permit the use of by, any third party the source code of
the MontaVista Licensed Deployment Programs or any modifications or
derivative works thereof. 

12.  License Grant for portions of the Software Designated as "MontaVista
Licensed Development Programs"; No Redistribution of Source Code.  For all
portions (if any) of the Software Product Designated as "MontaVista
Licensed Development Programs", Licens or grants only to your Developers
covered by (and defined by) a MontaVista Software, Inc. Product
Subscription and Software License Agreement (or successor agreement) a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to install and use the
MontaVista Lic ensed Development Programs and to modify the source code of
such programs. You (including your Developers) may not, and may not
authorize any third party to: distribute to, or permit the use of by, any
third party the MontaVista Licensed Development Progr ams in any form
(source code or object code) or any modifications or derivative works
thereof.  For purposes of this Section 12, script code (which shall
include Shell Script and Python Script and Perl Script) shall be
considered source code. 

13.  Protection of Source Code for portions of the Software Product.  You
acknowledge that the source code for the Software Product is extremely
valuable to Licensor.  You agree to secure and protect the source code for
the Software Product in a manner co nsistent with industry standards, and
in any event in a manner no less secure than you use to protect your own
proprietary information. 

MontaVista Software, Inc. License Agreement rel. 2003-1
